oh please don't be from a real dinosaur
please please make Mexico yes hello Ross
it's Emily I know this is Adam blue but
I'm getting married well maybe I am I
keep thinking about you and I'm
wondering if if we made a mistake giving
up so fast
are you thinking about me of course
you're not but if you are call me
tonight okay bye
[Music]
well what are you doing here hey you
know what you are in our apartment all
the time okay this is this is just a
drop in the bucket mister you know it
doesn't matter the important thing is
that you're here you're my friend and
you're here huh okay well I don't know
how this fits into your whole seizing
thing but Emily called you today you
talked to her no she left a message but
it kind of got erased I mean there's
something wrong with your machine
well um something about having second
thoughts about the wedding and did you
guys make a mistake breaking up and she
wants you to call her
Wow now that what that was a good thing
that I told you right hmm yeah yes of
course okay thank you thank you because
that's all right yeah I'm gonna go just
go tell Monica that I was right because
you know what she didn't want not
important point is I was right your
decision okay I was right your decision
right I guess I guess I should call em
away okay no no it's not the right
decision
it's not Ross come on I mean that woman
made you miserable okay
Ross I mean do you really want to get
back into that okay look yesterday I
wouldn't have even considered calling
her back but my ex-wife calls on the
same day I have a near-death experience
I mean that that's gotta mean something
oh that was not a near-death experience
that was barely an experience you
weren't there
but if maybe this is something that I am
supposed to seize you know okay you know
what
maybe this is not about seizing stuff
maybe this is about escaping stuff oh
okay I mean look look at today
I mean you escaped death you know and
maybe this is a chance for you to escape
getting back together with Emily that
does make sense because I do want to
seize some opportunity but I I really
don't want to see or talk to her there
you go hmm
yeah maybe today's just close call
dioxins thanks honey no problem the
message is blinking hey maybe they
didn't erase it huh hey Ross message
nobody needs to hear that
hey um was was Monica here yeah yeah I
want my money back you probably need
that for stamps right